# Squifi

While much of the DeFi system is focused on how an individual can increase their purchasing power, SquiFi is concerned with increasing the purchasing power of a group of people. Squifi takes this as its main ideology. Squifi spawned from the idea that a group of friends wanting to pool money together in order to increase purchasing power of real world assets or to donate to a friend in need. While looking at possible designs we came to the conclusion that this model could be extended to a private or public pool of people not only friends. We see the DeFi space growing each day not only in copy cats but also in new types of offerings, but what all these offerings lack is that they are not real world assets.

Squifi aims to have multiple types of funds from fund me campaigns to capital raises for real world investing. This is a broad scope, but each level introduces new functionality to the mechanism. The simplest of the fund types is a fund me campaign. This campaign is similar to gofundme, an individual would like to raise money to help with medical bills, donations or various other financial needs. The next type is a raise, this can represent multiple use cases. A raise has the right to print NFT tokens for depositors. These NFT tokens represent a share of what was offered by the user conducting the raise. If the user offered returns on the  investments this can be done via the payback functionality. The creator of the fund would send tokens to a location where they could be redeemed by NFT holders. We see this as useful in the case of a real estate investment that is being rented or dividend payments. There are two distinct types of raises a public and private one. The private one has a list associated with it. The List contains addresses that are permitted to deposit into the fund. This functionality came about while thinking of investors, we do not want Squifi to prohibit a team from creating a fund because they require accredited investors or KYC/AML for investors. These are the types of funds that are implemented currently.

## Where do we plan to go
